All right welcome back my student in this lecture here I'm going to show you how to fit a little bug
that we have with the editor.
So if you include it you might as well real scaped string function.
The one that saves my school injection you might have a problem with you Ed. I'm going to show you what
it is if I want to add it real quick and I try to update this and I make a new line for example or a
couple different lines.
Blank spaces of course.
And I click Update If I go down you're going to see that we have these are an array.
The editor is producing this next line basically.
And we need to get rid of it.
All right so for those of you that have this problem keep watching this video.
If not just go to the next video.
All right.
So anyway to fix this is super easy.
Let's go to our post that BHB page and let's go to where we have our tets area.
All right.
For the editor you see we have the post content.
So let's go ahead and fix that.
Well we're going to be doing it.
We're going to be adding a function here to replace this our end.
All right.
So right here we're going to say are replace.
And as you can see when I click on tab my editor already filled this up for me.
So basically what we're going to do is this is the only place we can search for whatever we want to
replace.
Then we are going to replace it with something right here and the second parameter.
And then the third is whatever we are we play what our content.
Right.
So let's go and right away let's add the content.
And here in between quotes I'm going to add we're going to replace our four slash and or you know backslash
whatever you want to call it for our B.R. tag.
All right.
Because that's what it is is a break right.
Let's go to the next line.
And then here we're going to be searching for one for the backslash r and.
All right.
Remember they all have to go in quotes here.
Well you can have variables for this but you know why.
So save it.
Right.
And we should be good to go.
So let's go to our editor now and let's go and Rachel this.
And now let's just refresh here real quick.
If we try to make some lines of data it goes up data and we go down there is nothing there.
See that it's very easy to do.
All right so if you have any problems dysfunction could save you a lot of headaches.
We replace whatever is in diameter whatever bug we have for our content.
All right.
Anyway I see you in the next book I hope you're having a lot of fun or you had a lot of fun with of
course.
And you know I'm always making good stuff for you guys and always thinking about you and thank you for
those always giving reviews and taking the time to say some nice comments.
See you in the next lecture.
Take your